# **MEETING No. 1**
 - **Client:** Icesi University Philanthropy Office
 - **Project:** Philanthropy Projects (Student Tracking Module)

$$$$

| | | | | | |
| :- | :- | :- | :- | :- | :- |
| **Meeting / Topic** | Presentation of requirements elicitation, requirements analysis, software prototype to the client, and clarification of doubts.
|**Prepared by**|Group 3 of Integrative Project I, Icesi University.|||
|**Date**|04/09/2023|**Start Time** |14:00.|**End Time**|16:00.|
|**Location**|Room 204D - Icesi|||||
|**Next Meeting**|Date to be confirmed (Final meeting and delivery)|**Start Time** |To be confirmed|**Location**|To be confirmed|

$$$$

| *Participants* | *Institution* | *Attended* | *Did Not Attend* |
| :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| Carolina | Icesi University (Member of the Philanthropy Office) | X | |
| Sandra Villegas | Icesi University (Member of the Philanthropy Office) | X | |
| Name of Philanthropy III Member | Icesi University (Member of the Philanthropy Office) | X | |
| Dylan Bermudez Cardona | Icesi University | X | |
| Juan Jose Lopez | Icesi University | X | |
| Sara Cardona | Icesi University | X | |
| Luis Charria Meneses | Icesi University | X | |
| Victor Manuel Garz√≥n | Icesi University | X | |

$$$$

| **Agenda** |
| :-: |
| 1. Presentation of the problem interpretation, requirements analysis, software prototypes, and explanation of the main functionalities of the "Student Tracking Module" to the client and clarification of doubts. |
| 2. Questions and suggestions regarding the projects progress from the client. |

$$$$

| **Development of the Topic** |
| :-: |
| It is important to explicitly mention that this meeting minutes will only cover the development of the "Student Tracking Module" topic, corresponding to our subject group.

$$$$

The meeting took place in room 204D at Icesi University, where all necessary technological and spatial resources were available for a comprehensive discussion. Additionally, the professor informed the "Integrative Project I" group at Icesi University about the date and time of the meeting. Each group responsible for developing a specific module was required to present the problem interpretation, requirements analysis, software prototypes, and an explanation of the main functionalities of the "Student Tracking Module" to the client.

1. **Presentation of Problem Interpretation, Requirements Analysis, Software Prototypes, and Explanation of Main Functionalities of the "Student Tracking Module"**

  The members of the philanthropy office were presented with the problem interpretation, requirements analysis, software prototypes, and an explanation of the main functionalities of the "Student Tracking Module." As a result, during the entire presentation, situations arose where the client clarified certain aspects:
  - Mass uploading of student data from an .xlsx file from the Academic Records office.
  - Viewing the profile of each student, i.e., being able to see a general report.
  - Ability to download that general report.
  - Filtering information that we want to apply to the report of multiple students.
  - Selecting a donor and, based on that, their students who have benefited from the selected donor.
  - Alerts are not limited to just those three types; they pertain to key issues that occur with students or donors. In the future, there may be more types of alerts.
  - Alerts are not only sent by the well-being department; they can be sent by any collaborator, depending on the information available about a student. If something crucial happens, they will send an alert that needs to be managed.
  - The partial cut-off report, academic balance, is not at the end of the semester; it should be done periodically, at the end of each partial period, so that philanthropy can manage it along the way and not be surprised in the end.

2. **Questions and suggestions regarding the projects progress from the client**
  
  The client was satisfied with the system, stating that it was intuitive and that the prototypes were adequate. Likewise, he stated that if at any time another meeting was required we could notify him so that a member of the group in charge could socialize with them.

$$$$

| **Commitments** | | |
| :-: | :- | :- |
| Activity | Responsible | Due Date |
| Correction of Prototypes | Group 3 of Integrative Project I | To be confirmed (final meeting date) |
| Correction of access to functionalities | Group 3 of Integrative Project I | To be confirmed (final meeting date) |
| Finalized prototype (web application) | Group 3 of Integrative Project I | To be confirmed (final meeting date) |

$$$$

| **Tentative Agenda for Next Meeting** |
| :-: |
| 1. Presentation of documents and an advanced prototype with corrections based on the suggestions and doubts clarified in the conducted meeting. |